hello everyone Joshua and today we're
back with another tutorial this time
we're going to be enabling emoji on an
iOS device so this will work for the
likes of your iPhone iPod Touch or iPad
you can get emoji on Mac OS 10 as well
it is built in to the the keyboard
character viewer which you can actually
stick in your menu bar for quick access
I'll leave up to another tutorial though
so let's get started
so you want to do is go to settings here
and I'll just go back through all these
menus to just you know start again so
you can find it right so go to the
general section go to keyboard go to
keyboard section in the keyboard section
that we've just been on so usually and
here we'll have one keyboard set by
default so in this case it is English UK
since I speak English and I'm from the
UK
it may be us or you know something else
if you're in a different country can you
understand me yes we okay so what you
want to do is add a new keyboard and
scroll down just received an email there
and go to emoji so as you can see now
I've got two keyboards there you can
also edit these keyboards ago could get
rid of emoji or you can actually reorder
them so basically emoji will be the
default keyboard for iOS but I want the
normal keyboard to be the default
keyboard for iOS because that would be
very confusing so now we just want to go
back to your home screen it has been
enabled at this point so basically you
can go into anywhere say Twitter for
example we're gonna make a new tweet
here so you want to just to go and click
on the little globe icon on the bottom
left now allows you to switch between
keyboards so as you can see we can pick
from a variety of little characters say
we just wanted an average smiley or
perhaps we want to the cats there we go
we now have a smiley and the cows so
that is how to enable emoji on your iOS
device feel free to you know add any
more tips that you may want me to
express on this particular YouTube
channel razor to an iOS or just anything
in general so yeah that is pretty much
it so I'm Josh and you can find me on my
website at Jay's marcom you can email me
Josh's jace max calm
you can also find me on twitter
@jrfromptc
and until next time over and out